{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
Join us behind the scenes of Lizard Smile's highly anticipated new album. Meet the trio from Antwerp, Belgium, known as Beatnick (Nico Van Aerde), the mesmerizing voice and master of programming; Strobo (Bart Van Laeken), the dream weaver on guitars and Albi (Albert Van Onckelen), the solid anchor on bass. Together, they form the enigmatic Electro Rock band, Lizard Smile.\
\
Lizard Smile's music is a fusion of electronics and guitar, a captivating blend of darkness and euphoria. But for their latest album, they embarked on a bold new sonic adventure at their own request, aiming to infuse a more organic and visceral energy into their sound. The result is filled with live drums, the heartbeat of their evolution.\
\
The creation of these songs was a step-by-step process, starting with Beatnick's programmed parts. It was here that the foundation was laid for the album's pulsating energy. In a harmonious collaboration, the live bass, live guitar, and live drums were layered on top, breathing life into the compositions, particularly on tracks like "I May Stand Here For A While" and the second part of "The Fold."\
\
One of the album's defining features is its guitar sound, meticulously crafted to possess a rich depth and expansiveness. This was achieved through a fusion of Strobo/Bart's Vox and Blackstar guitar amplifiers, creating a sonic landscape that is bound to draw listeners attention.\
\
The synthesis of the album's electronic elements was a labor of love, constructed by Nico/Beatnick. He not only laid the foundations for the mesmerizing grooves that permeate the album but also sculpted each synth sound with precision, adding an extra layer of intrigue to the band's unique sound.\
\
These are some pictures of Lizard Smile's music-making process behind the scenes, where creativity meets the organic heartbeat of live instrumentation. This album promises to be a a testimony of the band's dedication to pushing boundaries and crafting a sound that is quite remarkable.\
\
}